
### 第一章
1.  My father was a historian and his  _____  was the history of Germany.  
- A. idea  
- B. specialty  
- C. dream  
- D. fantasy  

3. (Grammar)  The local government has decided on new measures to _____ car use in favor of public transportation.  
- A. encourage  
- B. start  
- C. discourage  
- D. ban  

4. (Grammar)  It’s pretty _____ that they’ll turn up now — it’s nearly ten o’clock.  
- A. unlikely  
- B. likely  
- C. like  
- D. unlike  

5. (Grammar)  People now _____ that green issues are important to our future.  
- A. have declared  
- B. have perceived  
- C. have worked  
- D. have skilled  

6. (Grammar)  Alone in London, without friends, work, or money, Shelly _____ despair.  
- A. lost in  
- B. sink to  
- C. took to  
- D. fell into  

7. (Grammar)  There was an attempt to _____ more men for the police force, but not many did.  
- A. ask for  
- B. sign up  
- C. call on  
- D. cut down  

8. (Grammar)  The idea sounds fine, but we still need to _____ it _____ in practice.  
- A. try…out  
- B. try…on  
- C. try…over  
- D. try…again  

9. (Grammar)  She started working on an engineering degree but _____ college after only a year.  
- A. drop by  
- B. drop off  
- C. drop out of  
- D. drop in  

10. (Grammar)  My watch is nowhere to be found, I ______ when I was on the bus.  
- A. must drop it  
- B. should have dropped it  
- C. must have dropped it  
- D. ought to have dropped it  

11. (Grammar)  The teacher was struck by a car and badly ______.  
- A. harmed  
- B. damaged  
- C. injured  
- D. ruined  

12. (Grammar)  I'd like to ______ this opportunity to thank you all for your cooperation.  
- A. take advantage of  
- B. take account of  
- C. take benefit of  
- D. take profit of  

13. (Grammar)  ______ he has studied in Shanghai for two years, he hasn't been to the Shanghai Zoo yet.  
- A. In spite  
- B. Although  
- C. Even  
- D. Until  

14. (Grammar)  It's rude to ______ people when they are speaking.  
- A. interfere  
- B. interrupt  
- C. interior  
- D. introduce  

15. (Grammar)  His parents died when he was young, so he was ______ by his uncle.  
- A. brought  
- B. brought out  
- C. brought up  
- D. take out  

16. (Grammar)  He is angry, so we ______ careful.  
- A. had better be  
- B. had better to be  
- C. had better being  
- D. have better be

以下是题目答案汇总： 1. B. specialty 3. C. discourage 4. A. unlikely 5. B. have perceived 6. D. fell into 7. B. sign up 8. A. try…out 9. C. drop out of 10. C. must have dropped it 11. C. injured 12. A. take advantage of 13. B. Although 14. B. interrupt 15. C. brought up 16. A. had better be

### 第二章
2. (Grammar)  
The suspect _____ when he heard the footsteps behind him.  
A. came in his tracks  
B. jogged in his lanes  
C. jump in his ways  
D. stopped in his tracks  

3. (Grammar)  
If you’re going swimming tomorrow morning, you can _____ me _____, because I’ll be preparing for an examination.  
A. move in  
B. get out  
C. count out  
D. count in  

4. (Grammar)  
The child seemed to _____ the trouble he had caused, and still laughed in spite of the mother’s anger.  
A. be unaware of  
B. be aware of  
C. be alert of  
D. be cautious of  

5. (Grammar)  
The audience cheered and _____ enthusiastically as the curtain came down.  
A. clapped  
B. shouted  
C. screamed  
D. moaned  

6. (Grammar)  
A team of sports journalists will be sent to Russia to ______ the 2018 World Cup.  
A. join  
B. cover  
C. take  
D. participate  

7. (Grammar)  
“I’ve always found German cars very reliable,” he _____ in the newspaper column.  
A. observed  
B. speak  
C. mention  
D. addressed  

8. (Grammar)  
We’ve had to build some cupboards to give us more _____ space.  
A. living  
B. storage  
C. happy  
D. entertainment  

9. (Grammar)  
The reporter managed to get a(n) _____ interview with the Prime Minister.  
A. fantastic  
B. interesting  
C. exclusive  
D. ordinary  

10. (Grammar)  
Torrence expects to _____ her title successfully in the next Olympics.  
A. protect  
B. take  
C. defeat  
D. defend  

11. (Grammar)  
Would you _____ your job if you inherited lots of money from your parents?  
A. find  
B. quit  
C. refuse  
D. accept  

12. (Grammar)  
There were no seats ______ for those who arrived late.  
A. available  
B. enough  
C. sufficient  
D. many  

13. (Grammar)  
I don’t really know how to _____ the problem.  
A. carry out  
B. work out  
C. come to  
D. make up  

14. (Grammar)  
A candidate for the post ______ at the moment.  
A. is interviewing  
B. being interviewing  
C. interviewing  
D. is being interviewed  

15. (Grammar)  
He had many regrets when he ______ his life.  
A. looked down on  
B. looked up to  
C. looked back on  
D. looked out for  

16. (Grammar)  
You can fly to London this evening ______ you don’t mind changing planes in Paris.  
A. provided  
B. except  
C. unless  
D. so far as  


答案汇总：  
2. D. stopped in his tracks  
3. C. count out  
4. A. be unaware of  
5. A. clapped  
6. B. cover  
7. A. observed  
8. B. storage  
9. C. exclusive  
10. D. defend  
11. B. quit  
12. A. available  
13. B. work out  
14. D. is being interviewed  
15. C. looked back on  
16. A. provided

### 第三章
以下是不含答案的题目：  

2. (Grammar)  
The family crisis really _____ her best; she was a competent mother and a successful career woman at the same time.  
A. brought up  
B. brought out  
C. brought in  
D. brought down  

3. (Grammar)  
The interesting thing about him is that he is one of those who always _____ to be lucky no matter what they do.  
A. turn in  
B. bring in  
C. turn out  
D. brought out  

4. (Grammar)  
If the traffic plan _____, it will be applied to other cities too.  
A. works out  
B. works in  
C. comes to  
D. turns out  

5. (Grammar)  
The students complained about the _____ rules and regulations at the school.  
A. rude  
B. restrict  
C. rigid  
D. ridiculous  

6. (Grammar)  
The doctor who performed the _____ gave Aikman an 85% chance of full recovery by September.  
A. task  
B. surgery  
C. operation  
D. mission  

7. (Grammar)  
Mother was a(n) _____ of strength when our situation seemed hopeless.  
A. pillar  
B. base  
C. reliance  
D. origin  

8. (Grammar)  
I felt disgusted and wondered how I could ever have been so _____.  
A. polite  
B. gross  
C. grace  
D. proud  

9. (Grammar)  
The director insisted that the conditions of the contract should be _____ exactly.  
A. fulfilled  
B. understood  
C. interpreted  
D. finished  

10. (Grammar)  
Her speech failed to _____ her colleagues into supporting the plan.  
A. rock  
B. shake  
C. sway  
D. matter  

11. (Grammar)  
Jack never allowed himself to be bullied into doing anything that went against his _____.  
A. emotion  
B. favor  
C. resentment  
D. principles  

12. (Grammar)  
In most countries, the metric system (公制)has been ______ for all measurement.  
A. adapted  
B. adopted  
C. applied  
D. admitted  

13. (Grammar)  
You can rely on him in carrying out the plan, for his decision is always ______.  
A. reliable  
B. sound  
C. believable  
D. healthy  

14. (Grammar)  
I had not seen him for years, but I _______ him on the telephone.  
A. realized  
B. recognized  
C. heard  
D. discovered  

15. (Grammar)  
The current political ______ of our country is favourable for foreign investments.  
A. climate  
B. weather  
C. temperature  
D. state  

16. (Grammar)  
Mary didn't ______ doing the washing up, as she had already finishing her homework.  
A. matter  
B. object  
C. mind  
D. care  


 答案汇总：  
2. B. brought out  
3. C. turn out  
4. A. works out  
5. C. rigid  
6. C. operation  
7. A. pillar  
8. B. gross  
9. A. fulfilled  
10. C. sway  
11. D. principles  
12. B. adopted  
13. B. sound  
14. B. recognized  
15. A. climate  
16. C. mind

### 第四章
以下是不含答案的题目：  

2. (Grammar)  
Although we know water is the source of life, we started using these rivers, lakes and harbors as our sewers — as the place to _____ our garbage.  
A. dispose at  
B. dispose of  
C. dispose in  
D. dispose from  

3. (Grammar)  
Do not _____ babies _____ strong sunlight.  
A. expose…to…  
B. bring…to…  
C. result…in…  
D. immerse…in…  

4. (Grammar)  
The local health authorities are doing their utmost to _____ those passengers coming from the bird flu areas.  
A. find out  
B. expose to  
C. track down  
D. turn out  

5. (Grammar)  
Avoid individuals who suck your energy and diminish your confidence. You know who they are, and _____ them.  
A. steer clear of  
B. stick with  
C. stay close to  
D. stay afar  

6. (Grammar)  
Many of the villagers rely on fishing as their _____ source of income.  
A. last  
B. primary  
C. only  
D. constant  

7. (Grammar)  
She was hoping that the Mediterranean climate would _____ her to full health.  
A. restart  
B. regain  
C. restore  
D. realize  

8. (Grammar)  
The _____ difference between Sam and me was the fact that I took life seriously.  
A. essential  
B. essence  
C. essentially  
D. ensuring  

9. (Grammar)  
The aim of any reform of legal aid should be to make the system _____ to more people.  
A. accessory  
B. accessible  
C. access  
D. auxiliary  

10. (Grammar)  
Children are most _____ to abuse within their own home.  
A. comfortable  
B. willing  
C. acceptable  
D. vulnerable  

11. (Grammar)  
I am prepared to make some concession on minor details, but I cannot _____ on fundamentals.  
A. confront  
B. compromise  
C. consent  
D. comment  

12. (Grammar)  
They had _____ having children, for the usual reason, to establish their careers.  
A. agreed  
B. disagreed  
C. deterred  
D. delayed  

13. (Grammar)  
If you lose your smartphone, you can prevent _____ use by locking it.  
A. aimless  
B. unauthorized  
C. uneasy  
D. unkind  

14. (Grammar)  
You can fly to London this evening ______ you don’t mind changing planes in Paris.  
A. provided  
B. except  
C. unless  
D. so far as  

15. (Grammar)  
He had many regrets when he ______ his life.  
A. looked down on  
B. looked up to  
C. looked back on  
D. looked out for  

16. (Grammar)  
I don't really know how to ______ the problem.  
A. carry out  
B. work out  
C. come to  
D. make up  


答案汇总：  
2. B. dispose of  
3. A. expose…to…  
4. C. track down  
5. A. steer clear of  
6. B. primary  
7. C. restore  
8. A. essential  
9. B. accessible  
10. D. vulnerable  
11. B. compromise  
12. D. delayed  
13. B. unauthorized  
14. A. provided  
15. C. looked back on  
16. B. work out